Shen Qingyan didn't expect you to have such a good place
Yeah, that's nice.
That's what Kira told me.
It's all his credit
You can do it
Attachment you didn't tell me earlier
Tell you what?
You didn't tell me
How did you know so quickly?
Generations have been locked up in that place
It's a secret.
Can't tell now
Isn't there an undercover agent in the inspection team?
Let me guess who?
Do you still care more about Yan Fang and Han Lili?
Hello everyone, my name is Song Qiuci
Whether you knew me before or not
From now on
I will take responsibility for you.
Be more conscientious than your parents
Because they can't give you a future
And I can give you a better future captain
So what do we do?
I will send you abroad for art training
Then go back to work as an artist
Singing, dancing, acting
Then make a lot of money and go abroad
Yes, foreign art training is more systematic.
More professional in terms of cost
It's all up to me